CSS-10880 Improve documentation (#53)
canonical/superset-k8s-operator: documentation/tutorial/02-environment-setup.md

# Setup your environment

> You will now be installing Microk8s and Juju, which are requirements of any charmed deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This part of the tutorial focuses on how to set up your environment and install the required dependencies.
```

## Set up MicroK8s

Charmed Superset relies on Kubernetes (K8s) as a container orchestration system.
For this tutorial, you will use [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/docs), a lightweight distribution of K8s. 

> Install MicroK8s and provide your user with the required permissions. This can be achieved by adding it to the `snap_microk8s` group and giving permissions to the `~/.kube` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install MicroK8s and provide your user with the required permissions. You can do so by adding it to the `snap_microk8s` group and giving permissions to the `~/.kube` directory:
```

```bash
# >>> Cloud      Regions  Default    Type  Credentials  Source    Description
# >>> localhost  1        localhost  lxd   0            built-in  LXD Container Hypervisor
# >>> microk8s   1        localhost  k8s   1            built-in  A Kubernetes Cluster
```
If for any reason your MicroK8s is not recognised, register it manually using 'juju add-k8s microk8s'.

Next, install a Juju controller into your MicroK8s cloud. For this example, the controller is named "superset-controller":

```bash
juju bootstrap microk8s superset-controller
```

Finally, create a workspace, or 'model', on this controller. For this example, the workspace is named "superset-model". Juju will create a Kubernetes namespace "superset-model":
```bash
juju add-model superset-model
```
After this, you should see something similar to the below when running the `juju status` command:
```bash
# >>> Model           Controller           Cloud/Region        Version  SLA          Timestamp
# >>> superset-model  superset-controller  microk8s/localhost  3.5.3    unsupported  16:05:03+01:00

# >>> Model "admin/superset-model" is empty.
```

**See next:

> [Deploy supporting charms](02-environment-setup.md)**

Reviewer 2: I believe these docs are intended for Discourse, which means you'll end up creating all these doc pages as posts on Discourse. You'll want to do that before merging this PR, and update these links to point to their corresponding Discourse pages. It's a slightly convulted process for now until it [gets automated](https://github.com/canonical/discourse-gatekeeper).

Author: Updated thanks.

> # Environment Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up the environment
```
"Set up dependencies" / "Install dependencies" would be also OK

> This is part of the

Reviewer: This paragraph is not needed. This applies to all pages. It would be better to have a two-sentence summary of what the user is going to do in this step of the tutorial

[Charmed Superset Tutorial]().
Please refer to this page for more information and the overview of the content.

> ## Setting up MicroK8s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up MicroK8s
```
For titles, we intend to use infinitive form

> Charmed Superset relies on Microk8s or Kubernetes as a container orchestration system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Charmed Superset relies on Kubernetes (K8s) as a container orchestration system.
```

> We'll now set up [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/docs) as follows: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this tutorial, you will use [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/docs), a lightweight distribution of K8s. 
```

> On your machine, install and configure MicroK8s:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install and configure MicroK8s as follows:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: As aforementioned, let's remove code comments and add text instead for a better reading

# Install Microk8s from snap:
sudo snap install microk8s --channel 1.25-strict/stable

# Add your user to the MicroK8s group:
sudo usermod -a -G snap_microk8s $USER

# Give your user permissions to read the ~/.kube directory:
sudo chown -f -R $USER ~/.kube

# Create the 'microk8s' group:
newgrp snap_microk8s

# Enable the necessary MicroK8s addons:
sudo microk8s enable hostpath-storage dns

# Set up a short alias for the Kubernetes CLI:
sudo snap alias microk8s.kubectl kubectl
```

> Great work! You now have a small Kubernetes cloud on your machine.

Reviewer: We tend to avoid this sort of informal notes
```suggestion

```

## Set up Juju

> Juju is an orchestration engine for software operators, which we'll now install and connect to your MicroK8s cloud:

Reviewer: Add link to Juju
```suggestion
Charmed Superset uses Juju as the orchestration engine for software operators. Install and connect it to your MicroK8s cloud with the following steps.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: Remove code comments and use text instead

mkdir -p ~/.local/share

# Register your "microk8s" cloud with juju:
# Not necessary --juju recognises a MicroK8s cloud automatically, as you can see by running 'juju clouds'.
juju clouds
# >>> Cloud      Regions  Default    Type  Credentials  Source    Description
# >>> localhost  1        localhost  lxd   0            built-in  LXD Container Hypervisor
# >>> microk8s   1        localhost  k8s   1            built-in  A Kubernetes Cluster
# (If for any reason this doesn't happen, you can register it manually using 'juju add-k8s microk8s'.)

# Install a "juju" controller into your "microk8s" cloud.
# We'll name ours "superset-controller".
juju bootstrap microk8s superset-controller

# Create a workspace, or 'model', on this controller.
# We'll call ours "superset-model".
# Juju will create a Kubernetes namespace "superset-model"
juju add-model superset-model

# Check status:
juju status
# >>> Model         Controller           Cloud/Region        Version  SLA          Timestamp
# >>> superset-model  superset-controller  microk8s/localhost  3.5.3    unsupported  16:05:03+01:00

# >>> Model "admin/superset-model" is empty.
```

> > **See next:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **See next:
```
This applies to all entries on See next and the related link
